README.md, before:

# awesome-greek-tech-jobs
A curated list of high-quality engineering and business-tech opportunities in the Greek market. This repository serves as a personal dashboard to track applications and organize the search for Software, Data, and Backend roles etc.

---

## Engineering Hubs & Career Portals
*A directory of the tech companies in Greece with direct links to their jobs and LinkedIn presence.*

| Company | Focus Sector | Careers Page | LinkedIn Profile |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **Accenture** | IT Consulting | [Careers](https://www.accenture.com/gr-en/careers) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/accenture-greece/) |
| **Aegean Airlines** | TravelTech | [Careers](https://en.aegeanair.com/corporate/careers/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/aegean-airlines/) |
| **Beat (Free Now)** | Mobility / Apps | [Careers](https://free-now.com/careers/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/free-now/) |
| **Bespot** | AI / IoT / RetailTech | [Careers](https://apply.workable.com/bespot/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/bespot/) |
| **Blueground** | PropTech / SaaS | [Careers](https://apply.workable.com/blueground/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/blueground-co/) |
| **D ONE** | Data / Consulting | [Careers](https://apply.workable.com/d-one/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/d-one-athens/) |
| **DeepSea** | AI / Maritime | [Careers](https://www.deepsea.ai/careers/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/deepsea-technologies/) |
| **Deloitte** | Consulting / Tech Hub | [Careers](https://deloittecm.avature.net/en_US/careers/SearchJobs) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/deloitte-greece/) |
| **efood** | E-commerce / Delivery | [Careers](https://careers.deliveryhero.com/efood) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/efood-gr/) |
| **Elastic** | Search / Data / Cloud | [Careers](https://jobs.elastic.co/jobs/country/greece) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/elastic-co/) |
| **Epsilon Net** | Software / Finance | [Careers](https://www.epsilonnet.gr/career.aspx) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/epsilon-net/) |
| **Eurobank** | Banking Tech | [Careers](https://www.eurobank.gr/el/omilos/anthropino-dinamiko/eykairies-apasxolisis) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/eurobank/) |
| **European Dynamics** | IT Services | [Careers](https://www.eurodyn.com/careers/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/european-dynamics/) |
| **EY Greece** | Consulting / Tech | [Careers](https://www.ey.com/en_gr/careers) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/eygreece/) |
| **Ferryhopper** | TravelTech | [Careers](https://startup.jobs/companies/ferryhopper) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ferryhopper/) |
| **Hellenic Train** | Mobility Tech | [Careers](https://www.hellenictrain.gr/en/careers) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/hellenic-train/) |
| **iTechScope** | Tech Recruitment | [Careers](https://www.itechscope.com/jobs/search) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/itechscope/) |
| **Kaizen Gaming** | GameTech | [Careers](https://careers.kaizengaming.com/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/kaizen-gaming/) |
| **Kpler** | Data / Maritime | [Careers](https://www.kpler.com/company/careers) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/kpler/) |
| **Mytilineos** | Energy / Digital | [Careers](https://www.mytilineos.gr/human-resources/career-opportunities/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/mytilineos-sa/) |
| **Netcompany-Intrasoft**| Software | [Careers](https://netcompany.com/careers/greece/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/netcompany-intrasoft/) |
| **Nokia** | Telecoms / Cloud | [Careers](https://careers.nokia.com/jobs/search/5858062) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/nokia/) |
| **Novibet** | GameTech | [Careers](https://apply.workable.com/novibet/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/novibet/) |
| **Omilia** | AI / Conversational | [Careers](https://omilia.com/careers/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/omilia-conversational-ai/) |
| **OpenBet** | GameTech | [Careers](https://www.openbet.com/careers) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/openbet/) |
| **Orfium** | MusicTech / Data | [Careers](https://apply.workable.com/orfium/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/orfium/) |
| **PeopleCert** | EdTech / Exams | [Careers](https://www.peoplecert.org/About-Us/Careers) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/peoplecert/) |
| **Persado** | AI / Marketing | [Careers](https://www.persado.com/company/careers/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/persado/) |
| **Piraeus Bank** | Banking Tech | [Careers](https://www.piraeusbank.gr/en/idiotes/trapeza/anthropino-dynamiko/eykairies-apasxolisis) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/piraeus-bank/) |
| **Plex-Earth** | Engineering SW | [Careers](https://plex-earth.com/careers) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/plexscape/) |
| **Public Group** | E-commerce / Tech | [Careers](https://publicgroup.gr/careers/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/public-group-gr/) |
| **PwC Greece** | Consulting / Tech | [Careers](https://www.pwc.gr/en/careers.html) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/pwc-greece/) |
| **Satori Analytics** | Data / AI | [Careers](https://satorianalytics.com/about.html) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/satori-analytics/) |
| **Signal Group** | Maritime Tech | [Careers](https://www.thesignalgroup.com/careers) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/the-signal-group/) |
| **Sitecore** | CMS / MarTech | [Careers](https://www.sitecore.com/company/careers) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/sitecore/) |
| **Skroutz** | E-commerce / Fintech | [Careers](https://apply.workable.com/skroutz/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/skroutz-gr/) |
| **SoftOne** | ERP / SaaS | [Careers](https://www.softone.gr/company/careers/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/softone-technologies-s-a-/) |
| **ThinkDigital** | Digital Ads / Tech | [Careers](https://thinkdigitalgroup.net/careers/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/thinkdigital/) |
| **Upstream** | Mobile Marketing | [Careers](https://www.upstreamsystems.com/careers/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/upstream/) |
| **VIVA.com** | Fintech / Payments | [Careers](https://www.viva.com/en-gr/careers) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/vivacom-gr/) |
| **Workable** | SaaS | [Careers](https://apply.workable.com/workable/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/workable/) |
| **XM** | Fintech | [Careers](https://jobs.eu.lever.co/xm) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/xm-global/) |
---

## Useful Search Queries (Greece)
* [LinkedIn: Software Engineer in Greece](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=Software%20Engineer&location=Greece)
* [LinkedIn: Data Engineer in Greece](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=Data%20Engineer&location=Greece)
* [Kariera.gr: Tech Jobs](https://www.kariera.gr/en/jobs/it-telecoms)

---

## Usefull Notes
- **Remote vs. Hybrid:** Many Athens-based companies are moving to 1-2 days in office.
- **Salary Insight:** Remote roles for international companies (via B2B) usually pay higher than local Greek contracts.
- **Interview Prep:** Focus on System Design for Senior roles and LeetCode (Medium) for mid-level.

Commit message:

feat: sthenos.ai and fixup (#1)
Their career site is currently under construction.

README.md, after:

# awesome-greek-tech-jobs
A curated list of high-quality engineering and business-tech opportunities in the Greek market. This repository serves as a personal dashboard to track applications and organize the search for Software, Data, and Backend roles etc.

---

## Engineering Hubs & Career Portals
*A directory of the tech companies in Greece with direct links to their jobs and LinkedIn presence.*

| Company | Focus Sector | Careers Page | LinkedIn Profile |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **Accenture** | IT Consulting | [Careers](https://www.accenture.com/gr-en/careers) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/accenture-greece/) |
| **Aegean Airlines** | TravelTech | [Careers](https://en.aegeanair.com/corporate/careers/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/aegean-airlines/) |
| **Beat (Free Now)** | Mobility / Apps | [Careers](https://free-now.com/careers/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/free-now/) |
| **Bespot** | AI / IoT / RetailTech | [Careers](https://apply.workable.com/bespot/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/bespot/) |
| **Blueground** | PropTech / SaaS | [Careers](https://apply.workable.com/blueground/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/blueground-co/) |
| **D ONE** | Data / Consulting | [Careers](https://apply.workable.com/d-one/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/d-one-athens/) |
| **DeepSea** | AI / Maritime | [Careers](https://www.deepsea.ai/careers/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/deepsea-technologies/) |
| **Deloitte** | Consulting / Tech Hub | [Careers](https://deloittecm.avature.net/en_US/careers/SearchJobs) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/deloitte-greece/) |
| **efood** | E-commerce / Delivery | [Careers](https://careers.deliveryhero.com/efood) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/efood-gr/) |
| **Elastic** | Search / Data / Cloud | [Careers](https://jobs.elastic.co/jobs/country/greece) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/elastic-co/) |
| **Epsilon Net** | Software / Finance | [Careers](https://www.epsilonnet.gr/career.aspx) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/epsilon-net/) |
| **Eurobank** | Banking Tech | [Careers](https://www.eurobank.gr/el/omilos/anthropino-dinamiko/eykairies-apasxolisis) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/eurobank/) |
| **European Dynamics** | IT Services | [Careers](https://www.eurodyn.com/careers/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/european-dynamics/) |
| **EY Greece** | Consulting / Tech | [Careers](https://www.ey.com/en_gr/careers) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/eygreece/) |
| **Ferryhopper** | TravelTech | [Careers](https://startup.jobs/companies/ferryhopper) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ferryhopper/) |
| **Hellenic Train** | Mobility Tech | [Careers](https://www.hellenictrain.gr/en/careers) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/hellenic-train/) |
| **iTechScope** | Tech Recruitment | [Careers](https://www.itechscope.com/jobs/search) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/itechscope/) |
| **Kaizen Gaming** | GameTech | [Careers](https://careers.kaizengaming.com/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/kaizen-gaming/) |
| **Kpler** | Data / Maritime | [Careers](https://www.kpler.com/company/careers) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/kpler/) |
| **Mytilineos** | Energy / Digital | [Careers](https://www.mytilineos.gr/human-resources/career-opportunities/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/mytilineos-sa/) |
| **Netcompany-Intrasoft**| Software | [Careers](https://netcompany.com/careers/greece/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/netcompany-intrasoft/) |
| **Nokia** | Telecoms / Cloud | [Careers](https://careers.nokia.com/jobs/search/5858062) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/nokia/) |
| **Novibet** | GameTech | [Careers](https://apply.workable.com/novibet/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/novibet/) |
| **Omilia** | AI / Conversational | [Careers](https://omilia.com/careers/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/omilia-conversational-ai/) |
| **OpenBet** | GameTech | [Careers](https://www.openbet.com/careers) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/openbet/) |
| **Orfium** | MusicTech / Data | [Careers](https://apply.workable.com/orfium/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/orfium/) |
| **PeopleCert** | EdTech / Exams | [Careers](https://www.peoplecert.org/About-Us/Careers) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/peoplecert/) |
| **Persado** | AI / Marketing | [Careers](https://www.persado.com/company/careers/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/persado/) |
| **Piraeus Bank** | Banking Tech | [Careers](https://www.piraeusbank.gr/en/idiotes/trapeza/anthropino-dynamiko/eykairies-apasxolisis) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/piraeus-bank/) |
| **Plex-Earth** | Engineering SW | [Careers](https://plex-earth.com/careers) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/plexscape/) |
| **Public Group** | E-commerce / Tech | [Careers](https://publicgroup.gr/careers/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/public-group-gr/) |
| **PwC Greece** | Consulting / Tech | [Careers](https://www.pwc.gr/en/careers.html) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/pwc-greece/) |
| **Satori Analytics** | Data / AI | [Careers](https://satorianalytics.com/about.html) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/satori-analytics/) |
| **Signal Group** | Maritime Tech | [Careers](https://www.thesignalgroup.com/careers) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/the-signal-group/) |
| **Sitecore** | CMS / MarTech | [Careers](https://www.sitecore.com/company/careers) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/sitecore/) |
| **Skroutz** | E-commerce / Fintech | [Careers](https://apply.workable.com/skroutz/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/skroutz-gr/) |
| **SoftOne** | ERP / SaaS | [Careers](https://www.softone.gr/company/careers/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/softone-technologies-s-a-/) |
| **Sthenos AI** | Defense and Space Manufacturing / AI | [Careers](https://sthenos.ai/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/sthenos-ai/) |
| **ThinkDigital** | Digital Ads / Tech | [Careers](https://thinkdigitalgroup.net/careers/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/thinkdigital/) |
| **Upstream** | Mobile Marketing | [Careers](https://www.upstreamsystems.com/careers/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/upstream/) |
| **VIVA.com** | Fintech / Payments | [Careers](https://www.viva.com/en-gr/careers) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/vivacom-gr/) |
| **Workable** | SaaS | [Careers](https://apply.workable.com/workable/) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/workable/) |
| **XM** | Fintech | [Careers](https://jobs.eu.lever.co/xm) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/xm-global/) |
---

## Useful Search Queries (Greece)
* [LinkedIn: Software Engineer in Greece](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=Software%20Engineer&location=Greece)
* [LinkedIn: Data Engineer in Greece](https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?keywords=Data%20Engineer&location=Greece)
* [Kariera.gr: Tech Jobs](https://www.kariera.gr/en/jobs/it-telecoms)
* [Startup Pirate: Learn what matters in Greek tech and startups](https://startuppirate.gr/)

---

## Useful Notes
- **Remote vs. Hybrid:** Many Athens-based companies are moving to 1-2 days in office.
- **Salary Insight:** Remote roles for international companies (via B2B) usually pay higher than local Greek contracts. Be careful with trade-offs when private health coverage is provided by the latter.
- **Interview Prep:** Focus on System Design for Senior roles and LeetCode (Medium) for mid-level.
